Expand Option - all and none added (#21927)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/security-ediscoveryexportoperation.md

|status|[microsoft.graph.security.caseOperationStatus](../resources/security-caseoperation.md#caseoperationstatus-values)| The status of the case operation. Possible values are: `notStarted`, `submissionFailed`, `running`, `succeeded`, `partiallySucceeded`, `failed`.|
|azureBlobContainer (deprecated)|String| The name of the Azure storage location where the export is stored. This only applies to exports stored in your own Azure storage location. The **azureBlobContainer** property is deprecated and will stop returning data on April 30th, 2023. |
|azureBlobToken (deprecated)|String| The SAS token for the Azure storage location.  This only applies to exports stored in your own Azure storage location. The **azureBlobToken** property is deprecated and will stop returning data on April 30th, 2023. |
|outputFolderId (deprecated) | String | The output folder ID. The **outputFolderId** property is deprecated and stopped returning data on April 30th, 2023.|

> |expandOption| String | This option will allow to expand the associated review set of the query. For more details, see [reviewSet: export](../api/security-ediscoveryreviewsetquery-export.md). Possible values are: `none`, `all`. Default value, if not provided is none.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|expandOption| String | Allows to expand the associated review set of the query. For more information, see [reviewSet: export](../api/security-ediscoveryreviewsetquery-export.md). Possible values are: `none`, `all`. The default value, if not provided is none.|
```

|tags|Include tag information in fileInfo.|
|fileInfo (deprecated) |Include metadata of original files in a load file. The `fileInfo` member is deprecated and will stop returning data on April 30th, 2023. Going forward, the summary and load file are always included. |

### expandOption values

|Member|Description|
|:----|-----------|

> |all|While exporting, expand the review set to include all the associated items in terms of the familyId and conversationId.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|all|While exporting, expand the review set to include all the associated items to familyId and conversationId.|
```

> |none|While exporting,it will return only queried review set items.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|none|While exporting, it returns only queried review set items.|
```
